Documentation update: How To Guides overview (#367)
aragon/osx: packages/contracts/docs/osx/02-how-to-guides/02-plugin-development/05-governance-plugins/index.md

});
```

Beyond this fundamental ability, governance plugins usually interact with two interfaces:

- [The `IProposal` interface](./01-proposals.md) introducing the **notion of proposals** and how they are created and executed.
- [The `IMembership` interface](./02-membership.md) introducing the **notion of membership** to the DAO.

### Examples of Governance Plugins

Some examples of governance plugins are:

- [A token-voting plugin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/majority-voting/token): Results are based on what the majority votes and the vote's weight is determined by how many tokens an account holds. Ex: Alice has 10 tokens, Bob 2, and Alice votes yes, the yes wins.
- [Multisig plugin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/multisig): A determined set of addresses is able to vote. Once x amount of addresses vote (as determined by the plugin settings), then the proposal is automatically approved.

> - [Admin plugin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/admin): One address has full control of the DAO.

Author: Will add!

});
```

> Beyond this fundamental ability, governance plugins usually interact with two interfaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond this fundamental ability, governance plugins implement two interfaces:
```

- [The `IProposal` interface](./01-proposals.md) introducing the **notion of proposals** and how they are created and executed.
- [The `IMembership` interface](./02-membership.md) introducing the **notion of membership** to the DAO.

### Examples of Governance Plugins

Some examples of governance plugins are:

- [A token-voting plugin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/majority-voting/token): Results are based on what the majority votes and the vote's weight is determined by how many tokens an account holds. Ex: Alice has 10 tokens, Bob 2, and Alice votes yes, the yes wins.

> - [Multisig plugin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/multisig): A determined set of addresses is able to vote. Once x amount of addresses vote (as determined by the plugin settings), then the proposal is automatically approved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Multisig plugin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/multisig): A determined set of addresses is able to approve. Once `x` amount of addresses approve (as determined by the plugin settings), then the proposal automatically succeeds. 
```

> - [Admin plugin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/admin): One address has full control of the DAO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Admin plugin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/admin): One address can create and immediately execute proposals on the DAO (full control).
```

> - [Addresslist plguin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/majority-voting/addresslist): Majority-based voting, where list of addresses are able to vote in decision-making for the organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Addresslist plguin](https://github.com/aragon/osx/tree/develop/packages/contracts/src/plugins/governance/majority-voting/addresslist): Majority-based voting, where list of addresses are able to vote in decision-making for the organization. Unlike a multisig, everybody here is expected to vote yes/no/abstain within a certain time frame.
```
